gh-60191: Implement ast.compare (#19211)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ast.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. function:: compare(a, b, /, *, compare_types=True, compare_fields=True, compare_attributes=False)

    Recursively compare given 2 AST nodes. If *compare_types* is ``False``, the
    field values won't be checked whether they belong to same type or not. If
    *compare_fields* is ``True``, members of ``_fields`` attribute on both node's
    type will be checked. If *compare_attributes* is ``True``, members of

>     ``_attributes`` attribute on both node's will be compared.

Reviewer: I think this needs to be spelled out a little more directly, with more words. "If *compare_types* is ``False``, the
    field values won't be checked whether they belong to same type or not." I think that means when the field values are compared, their values will be compared without regard to their type. But it literally seems to say that "field values won't be checked" which isn't right.

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. function:: compare(a, b, /, *, compare_attributes=False)

   Recursively compares two ASTs.

   *compare_attributes* affects whether AST attributes are considered

>    in the comparison. If compare_attributes is ``False`` (default), then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   in the comparison. If *compare_attributes* is ``False`` (default), then
```

   attributes are ignored. Otherwise they must all be equal. This

>    option is useful to look for asts that are structurally equal but

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   option is useful to check whether the ASTs are structurally equal but
```

>    might differ in whitespace or similar details.

Reviewer 2: We could be more explicit in saying that "attributes" includes the line and column numbers.

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. function:: compare(a, b, /, *, compare_attributes=False)

   Recursively compares two ASTs.

   *compare_attributes* affects whether AST attributes are considered
   in the comparison. If *compare_attributes* is ``False`` (default), then
   attributes are ignored. Otherwise they must all be equal. This
   option is useful to check whether the ASTs are structurally equal but

>    differ in whitespace or similar details. Attributes include numbers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   differ in whitespace or similar details. Attributes include line numbers
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. function:: compare(a, b, /, *, compare_types=True, compare_attributes=False)

>    Recursively compares two ast nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Recursively compares two asts.
```

   There are two options that control how the comparison is done. If
   *compare_types* is ``True`` (default), then Constant objects must
   have the same type and value to be equal. If *compare_types* is
   ``False``, then Constant objects must only have the same values,

>    e.g. Constant(1.0) equals Constant(1).

Reviewer 3: As discussed, let's not do this.

   *compare_attributes* affects whether AST attributes are considered
   in the comparison. If compare_attributes is ``False`` (default), then
   attributes are ignored. Otherwise they must all be equal. This
   option is useful to look for asts that are structurally equal but
   might differ in whitespace or similar details.

>    .. versionadded:: 3.14

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

   .. versionadded:: 3.14
```
